Tonight,
You are here for a reason
God cares about you.
Knows your potential.
Wants to use your story.
Whether you know it or not,
You have talents.
Life experiences.
Skills, relationships,
Wiring
Personality.
Things that make you.
You.
And God wants to use it.
Because even though you're not perfect,
We hope you'll trust God with what He can and will do.
In you.
To grow your faith
And trust in him.
With you?
To help others grow, to love well and walk through life together.
And through you.
as a part of God's bigger story.
Because no matter where you've been
Tonight you are here for a reason
Welcome to community.
You've taken a step to join a group.
My name is John, and for the next eight weeks, I'll be your host. Tonight, we're going to start building relationships. It's not the first time you build relationships. I'm sure there's a time in your life
Life, childhood, high school, college.
When you built close friendships and it marked you.
Those friendships matter to us.
They're also something that God uses to make each of us a little more like Him.
And tonight we're going to start building new friendships, a new community.
Andy Stanley is going to talk to us for just a little bit about why community is so important and what we believe your group can become.
About 20 years ago, Sandra and I joined our very first community group.
Now at the time I was working at a church that didn't have a small groups ministry. Like most churches we had an adult education program that happened in a classroom on Sunday mornings. But I was a staff
staff member working with high school students so I couldn't even participate. Now Sandra and I had friends, we had mentors, everything was great in our marriage, but still something was missing. We weren't pregnant.
We weren't praying with any other couples. Nobody was tracking with us. We weren't really sharing our lives with anyone. So we started meeting with several other couples in a home. Now, this wasn't part of a church.
church program and in fact we didn't even call it a small group. But we all sense the need to bring a layer of intentionality to our otherwise random and unstructured relationships. During the
During the year that the group was together, we saw several amazing things happen. We celebrated the birth of a child. We locked arms with a couple facing infertility. We prayed for a man who lost his gifts.
We supported a couple in our group that almost lost their marriage. We were moved to tears when one of the men in our group finally crossed the line of faith. Our 12 months in that group
That group marked us. Sandra and I have been in small groups ever since because we understand that not being in community would actually cost us. You can't grow spiritually and let
unless you're connected relationally. That's how God has designed all of this to work.
So over the next eight weeks, you have an opportunity to begin building the kind of group that will mark you as well. The kind of group that's fueled by what we call our three vital relationships.
Intimacy with God, community with insiders, and influence with outsiders. Intimacy with God, community with insiders, and then influence with outsiders.
In the book of matthew a group of religious leaders asked Jesus which of the commandments was most important here's what he said love the lord your god with all your heart with all your soul and with all your mind this
And this is the first and greatest commandment, but he didn't stop there. And the second is like it. Love your neighbor as yourself.
All the law and the prophets hang on these two commandments. Now, we believe that verse captures the three vital relationships, loving God and loving your neighbors. Because your neighbors
Your neighbors include the people you have things in common with, as well as the people that you don't know but who are inside your sphere of influence. You see, God has set things up so that you
so that you can't really connect with Him unless you connect with other people as well. The ways that God changes us makes us more like Jesus or demonstrated in our relationships with the people of our
people around us. During your time together, you're going to do two things. You're going to explore the three vital relationships and you're going to share your stories. These are the first steps in creating life-changing
community groups. And believe it or not, this is actually going to be fun. By the end of your time together, you will know each other a whole lot better than you do now. And we're really only asking you to do three things. First,
First show up it sounds obvious but it's worth saying in order for you to connect as a group you need to spend time together and that starts with showing up to the group meeting secondly you need to do
You need to join in, that is participate in the conversation, begin to connect relationally with the people in the group, and finally, just be real. Open up about who you are.
Who you really are.
If you commit to showing up, joining in, and being real, there's no telling how God is going to use you to speak into the lives of the other people.
in your group. And the bottom line is this: I pray that this group will mark you the way our first group marked us.
Thank you for watching!
So that's where we're headed from here: a marked life, a changed life,
You're going to spend a few weeks looking at each of the three vital relationships, and then you're going to spend a few weeks sharing your stories. But tonight, it's just about relationship. It's about enjoying each other.
So you'll just hang out.
Or maybe have something to eat or maybe just talk.
Now remember, while prayer and discussion are key parts of the group experience, it's relationships that are the driving force.
It's the first step in creating the kind of environment where people can open up and be themselves.
So enjoy tonight. Have a good time.
Your leader will take you from here.